reva/frontend: Add capabilities to indicate attributes that are read-only (#6047)
owncloud/ocis: services/frontend/README.md

## Scalability

While the frontend service does not persist any data it does cache `Stat()` responses and user information. Therefore, multiple instances of this service can be spawned in a bigger deployment like when using container orchestration with Kubernetes, when configuring `FRONTEND_OCS_RESOURCE_INFO_CACHE_TYPE=redis` and the related config options.

> ## libregraph service interactions
> 
> A lot of user management is done via a standardized libregraph API.
> Depending on how the system is configured there might be some attributes
> for users that an instance admin user can't change because of properties
> coming from an external LDAP server, or similar. To make life easier for
> admin users there are hints as capabilites telling which attributes are
> read-only or not. To configure these hints we have the following
> environment variables:
> 
> - FRONTEND_READONLY_ATTRIBUTES_ACCOUNT_ENABLED: Default is false
> - FRONTEND_READONLY_ATTRIBUTES_DISPLAY_NAME: Default is true
> - FRONTEND_READONLY_ATTRIBUTES_GIVEN_NAME: Default is true
> - FRONTEND_READONLY_ATTRIBUTES_ID: Default is true
> - FRONTEND_READONLY_ATTRIBUTES_MAIL: Default is true
> - FRONTEND_READONLY_ATTRIBUTES_ON_PREMISES_SAM_ACCOUNT_NAME: Default is true
> - FRONTEND_READONLY_ATTRIBUTES_SURNAME: Default is true
> - FRONTEND_READONLY_ATTRIBUTES_QUOTA: Default is false

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Libregraph Service Interactions

A lot of user management is done via a standardized libregraph API. Depending on how the system is configured, there might be some attributes for users that an ocis instance admin user can't change because of properties
coming from an external LDAP server, or similar. This can be the case when the ocis admin is not the LDAP admin. To make life easier for admin users, there are hints as capabilites telling the frontend which attributes are read-only or not, so they can be shown in the frontend differently. To configure these hints the following environment variables are available:

-   FRONTEND_READONLY_ATTRIBUTES_ACCOUNT_ENABLED: Defaults to false
-   FRONTEND_READONLY_ATTRIBUTES_DISPLAY_NAME: Defaults to true
-   FRONTEND_READONLY_ATTRIBUTES_GIVEN_NAME: Defaults to true
-   FRONTEND_READONLY_ATTRIBUTES_ID: Defaults to true
-   FRONTEND_READONLY_ATTRIBUTES_MAIL: Defaults to true
-   FRONTEND_READONLY_ATTRIBUTES_ON_PREMISES_SAM_ACCOUNT_NAME: Defaults to true
-   FRONTEND_READONLY_ATTRIBUTES_SURNAME: Defaults to true
-   FRONTEND_READONLY_ATTRIBUTES_QUOTA: Defaults to false
```

## Scalability

While the frontend service does not persist any data it does cache `Stat()` responses and user information. Therefore, multiple instances of this service can be spawned in a bigger deployment like when using container orchestration with Kubernetes, when configuring `FRONTEND_OCS_RESOURCE_INFO_CACHE_TYPE=redis` and the related config options.

> ## Libregraph Service Interactions

Reviewer: I am not happy with the section title because it is hard to understand what is meant.
What about:

`Define Read-Only Attributes`

Reviewer: done 😄

> A lot of user management is done via a standardized libregraph API. Depending on how the system is configured, there might be some attributes for users that an ocis instance admin user can't change because of properties
> coming from an external LDAP server, or similar. This can be the case when the ocis admin is not the LDAP admin. To make life easier for admin users, there are hints as capabilites telling the frontend which attributes are read-only or not, so they can be shown in the frontend differently. To configure these hints we have the environment variable FRONTEND_READONLY_USER_ATTRIBUTES,
> which takes a comma separated list of attributes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A lot of user management is made via the standardized libregraph API. Depending on how the system is configured, there might be some user attributes that an ocis instance admin can't change because of properties coming from an external LDAP server, or similar. This can be the case when the ocis admin is not the LDAP admin. To ease life for admins, there are hints as capabilites telling the frontend which attributes are read-only to enable a different optical representation like being grayed out. To configure these hints, use the environment variable `FRONTEND_READONLY_USER_ATTRIBUTES`, which takes a comma separated list of attributes.
```
Just a small improvement after re-reading.

> which takes a comma separated list of attributes. The default value for graph service attributes is "display_name,given_name,id,mail,on_premises_sam_account_name,surname".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which takes a comma separated list of attributes. The default value for graph service attributes is `display_name,given_name,id,mail,on_premises_sam_account_name,surname`.
```
Make the string (list of items) better readable by using ticks.
